Under what conditions are we provided with a default constructor? What is that constructor going to include? Why would we always want to include a constructor like this even if we don't intend to use it?
What is the difference between the JVM, JRE, and JDK? What is compliation and how does it relate to these concepts?
What is version control? Why is it important? How have you used it? What are the relevant commands you've used?
What is a Collection? What are some characteristics associated with them? How are they different from arrays? What are the three main types of Collections?
Explain how a HashMap works. Explain how a TreeMap works. How are the corresponding sets related to each?
What is the difference between a checked and an unchecked exception? Give examples of each. How are these different from Errors?
What is Maven? Explain the role it has in our development project. What are the benefits of using it? How do we provide its configuration? If I were to provide the following lifecycle phases what would I expect? mvn clean package
Explain the concpet of the string pool. What are the benefits and drawbacks of the string pool? How can I create a String outside of the string pool? How can I change a reference from outside the string pool to inside the string pool?
Compare and contrast the benefits and methods available to Strings, StringBuffers, and StringBuilders. Why might you want to use one over the others? 
How is memory management handled in Java? Is it pass by value or pass by reference? Explain.
What are the thread states? Explain the situations in which these states would arise. Refer to object methods and the idea of synchronization to explain.
What are the two ways of creating threads? What is deadlock and starvation?
What is a functional interface and how does it relate to lambdas? Explain the syntax involved when creating a lambda. Give examples of when a lambda could be used.
In what two ways can we determine ordering of Java objects? Explain specifically how we would implement and use each one.
Explain the use of final, finally, and finalize.
What is JUnit? What is considered a "unit"? Explain assert methods and the available annotations. How could I run tests in the command line?